### Kiki and Kevin (NLD/USA) - "Helmet Thieves"

**The performance is in English.**

Why does a sweet grandmother rob a bank? Why did that adorable child steal your car? Why would a friendly family steal a helmet?

Kevin Miller is from Texas. Kiki Hohnen is from Amsterdam. Together they are HELMET THIEVES, an improv duo that explores why good people do bad things… and why absolutely delightful people do incredibly terrible things. Come tell Kevin and Kiki what you have done wrong. They’ll improvise a story that shows why it’s not actually your fault.

### Acaprov (GBR) - “AcaTilt”

**The performance is in English.**

Hamilton meets Pitch Perfect... spontaneously improvised! Imagine a new kind of improvised musical: beatboxers, rappers, actors, singers and body percussionists coming together a capella to improvise a fresh new musical improv show that you’ll never forget!

With one of the largest casts in improv, Acaprov consists of a cast of 'quintet-threts': Acting, Singing/Rapping, Dancing, Improvising and 'being the band', complete with spontaneously improvised beatboxing and body percussion! They take grounded, real relationships and expand them into stories and songs to create an entire Musical completely a capella, including sound-scapes to set the scene and atmosphere in a location of the audiences choosing. Every sound you hear is generated by the Acaprov cast themselves. 

---

Acaprov formed in April 2018 after Founder - Actress Lisa Lynn (Multiverse, MusicBox, Slattery Night Fever) won a grant to create the group as part of The Nursery Theatre Originals scheme. After joining forces with fellow Multiverser - film producer Lee Apsey (CSI: Crime Scene Improvisation, Slattery Night Fever, Slice of Rhyme), the pair auditioned a wide variety of actors, singers, dancers, beat-boxers and improvisers, to assemble a core team to allow this show to succeed; and succeed it did, after an acclaimed opening run at The Nursery Theatre in June, Acaprov have been booked into multiple London venues and world wide festivals. TILT will mark the groups first ever international performance, and they are all extremely excited to take part!

